Paris they will be skating right to left
across your radio down the white
sweaters in the crimson red trim the
Minnesota State Mavericks left to right
to the black sweaters and the purple
trim and we're underway faroe state will
win the draw they'll shoot inside the
Mavericks zone
right did blockers Minnesota State
Nelson ranked White Pass two on one back
door one timer they score just over the
glove of diving much and the Mavericks
will take a wooden up in lead 753
remaining the first period great two on
one play there Ryan laude diving to stop
the pass al-falih had four Robertson
2014 Ferris State Roberts has McDonald
Robertson fighters off the love pose far
side of the pass intended for letting
her letting her plays it behind the
night of mom picked up by laude laude
connects with fuzzy but he took a spill
it comes out their front shocked him out
there in time to say bye Joe very good
shape Brandon Ansel meanie the physical
specimen you should see him in the
weight room right point shot from Nelson
Tipton front redirected past the Gold
Glove of CJ moths into the back of the
cage the Mavericks take the two nothing
lead with 505 to play in the middle
period on the blue line for Minnesota
State Zach palmquist is the guy that you
look look to as the offensive defenseman
but casey nelson rose for the buck far
side corner it's also those things where
you don't even play to play less defense
and I it's just all out we need a score
you got to just press forward at this
point there's a chance pull those put it
in style
the boys goes not to the pillows come
within 1 and 7 33 to go the game Tom I
didn't know you were psychic great on
you you see just got to play often Danny
and chef stuck in the corner there try
to pitch the puck out Simpkins below the
goal line makes it nice smooth Williams
dies out to poke it away and chimp just
makes a dot Sookie and move behind him
come from below the goal line and just
puts it into the open cage there and all
of a sudden the electricity's back and
the side comes the binky right point
binkley keeps it in 25 second slot
here's laude good connection robbers on
the tri-ball and it almost went in Denis
gets to the point eloni 15 seconds left
binkley right side back 20 at the center
fake shot thought about shooting it now
he does redirected and the safe from
Williams Letner blue ger palmquist 4mon
quedo Katie as well for Ferris State
Babinski binkley Denis McDonough the
Robertson lowney empty net faceoff jaw
right circle far side they solve draw
one by the Bulldogs Robertson pizza
point lowney shoots blocked in front
foot Pinsky centers it it's loose in the
crease and Williams jumps on it with 2.5
seconds remaining in the game here's the
draw right side chef wins it shopper
McDonald high above the neck and that's
the end of the game the Minnesota State
Mavericks the nation's number one team
comes into the picture out pitch for the
first time since the late 90s it'll take
two points
you